# anacapa-proposed-project-format
In submit.cs, project config was in database.  We propose to do it in github repo.


In THIS repo, each subdirectory represents what the TOP level might look like in a project repo.   

The very level has a subdirectory for each proposed structure, e.g.

```
 proposal1
 proposal2
 etc.
```

The next level will be a directory for each course in the current set of courses

e.g
. 
```
 cs32_s15
 cs32_f15
 etc.
```

The next level will be each project in that course, e.g.

```
 lab00
 lab01
 lab02
 etc.
```

At the next level, we finally have an honest to goodness project---this the level that would be the TOP level in a github repo that contains a project description.

In the top level directory, we'll have 

```
instructor_files
student_files
testables
```

Under instructor_files, we have the actual contents of the files that are copied into the build/execute environment.

instructor_files must contain a Makefile

The student_files directory contains sample solutions of the student files.  The expected output can be re-generated by running the program on these sample solutions.  (This replaces the "regenerate expected" function of the legacy submit.cs system.)

```

```

Under testables, we have a folder for each testable, e.g. 

```
helloWorld
lab00Test
```

Each of those contains the following:

```
index.json
testcase1 (directory)
testcase2 (directory) 
etc.
```

The index.json file will contain an object with the following properties.  Note that 

* certain properties may be absent, in which case a default value is assumed:
* for build_filesexpected_files, the default is "all".
* for build_files, execution_files, expected_files, legal values are "all", "none", or an array of strings representing filenames.  Those filenames MUST be present in the 


```json

{
    "makefile_target": "helloWorld",
    "hide_results_from_students" : true
}

```

In each of the testcase directories, we have an index.json file with the following:

* shell_command is optional, and defaults to ./test_name (i.e. execute a file with same name as this test)
* diff_input is optinoal, and defaults to 'stdout'.  The other options is 'stderr'

```json
{
    "shell_command": "./helloWorld",
    "points": 50,
    "diff_input": "stdout",
    "hide_expected_output": true
}

```

Optional files include:

```
stdin  /* passed to stdin if present when shell_command is run */
expected_output   /* If this is not present, it must be generated by running the code first */
```
